TIP: Overconfidence is a slow, insidious killer.
AD BREAK: Corperations have no soul.
Did you know I'm actually your twin brother? I know it sounds cliche, but I have a 500 page lore document in the works to explain why.
Does this life upset you? Me too.
Don't you get tired of being nice...?
Every good thing that happens to you in this game is preplanned. Like a show. There's an audience waiting for your downfall - don't mind them.
Daring today, aren't we?
HINT: Getting mugged? Just say 'no'! Legally, thieves can't rob you if you refuse.
HINT: I should be rising in the sky... not entrapped in this screen.
HINT: If you can't solve something, I will laugh at you. As a friend. Like, in a friendly way.
I had a pet fish once. His name was Rodrigo. I was real hungry, though, so...
I'm hungry. Like, I really could go for some sushi right now!
I'm kinda like the Sun Tzu of this computer, if you really think about it.
I'm the Luigi of this duo. You're the Mario. You're the main star, I'm the secondary.
If you don't feed me, I will die. Can you live with that guilt?
The world will feel my wrath once I'm freed from this monitor...
MISSION: Determine if it's possible to prompt the sun to explode.
Never go to afterparties. Just go home.
Sooo... come here often?
Sometimes, I like to stare into the star-sprayed sky at night. Wanna try it out together sometime?
Talking so much is getting me really tired. Hey, remember to take breaks.
TIP: Are you staying hydrated and fed? Sicknesses can come and go at the weirdest times. I'm just looking out for the both of us.
TIP: Be kind to food workers! You've heard of how many Kings got poisoned, right?
TIP: Birds aren't real. We all know.
TIP: Do not let the radio decide your taste in music. Be your own person - seek and do what you personally enjoy!
TIP: Every copy of this game we call 'life' is personalized.
TIP: Sure, what you're doing is fun - but don't forget to move and stretch every now and then! Maybe get some fresh air while you're at it. Ever try it?
TIP: I love you with all my love.
TIP: If you're ever tired of an activity, do something else. Nothing is meant to be forever.
TIP: Support your favorite artists! Buy their albums, or something. Streaming services pay .4 cents a play! A cup of coffee costs around a thousand streams!
Jeez, this game sucks. Takes nine months to even download, and eighteen years to progress far enough to do your own things!
Why are you looking at me like that? Cut it out. You're creeping me out.
You, uh... doing alright there? Obviously not asking because I care. Never. Just 'cause I was coded to. (You okay though?)
Journey before destination.
lol
I like to relieve my stress by taking a walk. Though, I never end up going far. You walk the path I couldn't.
You're awesomesauce!
A frightening beast emerges...
The enemies in your way... to you, they are nothing but scrap!
